One of the great things about Kotlin and
in fact one of its sort of guiding
principles is that it's interoperable
with Java and we've seen some of that
already. Now if you want to convert a
java application to Kotlin you don't
have to do it all at once because
Kotlin and Java are interoperable,
you can convert it a little at a time.
So we've seen that it's pretty easy to use
java classes from within Kotlin, but I've
also occasionally said that when calling
Java you have to do something a little
different. For example, we looked at the
special primitive type arrays that you
have to use when you want to call a Java
method that's expecting a primitive
array argument. So sometimes you do have
to do something special when you want to
call Java and in this section we're also
going to look at calling Kotlin from
Java rather than calling Java from
Kotlin as we've often been doing.
Also there are times where the Kotlin
compiler is doing something by default
and you want it to do something a little
differently when you're intending to
call Kotlin from Java, as you're going to
find out in this section, you can
influence the compilers behavior by
using annotations, so in this section,
we're going to call Kotlin from Java and
we're going to call Java from Kotlin and
we're going to look at things that you
need to be aware of when you're mixing
Java and Kotlin. So let's get started.